lesson1
1.What is Service Portal
  1.1.Web portal which gives better user experience
    1.1.提供更好用户体验的门户网站
  1.2.Front face for end users
    1.2.终端用户正面
  1.3.Easily configurable
    1.3.易于配置
  1.4.Automatic layout adjustment on any device
    1.4.在任何设备上自动调整布局

    examples of Service portal, now you can see on the screen that we have given two
    examples at the top you have the left top you can see that's the ITSM portal,
    it's a home page, it's a basic portal of serviceNow, that is provided and developed by serviceNow out-of-the-box.
    the second portal we have it is ready to Service catalog as you know you have Service catalog you can create service catalog in serviceNow as well,
    but now this gives you a good user experience and that's another portal of serviceNow that is service catalog.
    it's a portal where users can submit the request for a different of request for any item or devices.
    服务门户的示例，现在您可以在屏幕上看到我们给出了两个
    顶部的示例 左上角是 ITSM 门户，
    它是一个主页，是 serviceNow 的基本门户，由 serviceNow 开箱即用地提供和开发。
    我们拥有的第二个门户已准备好服务目录，因为您知道您拥有服务目录，您也可以在 serviceNow 中创建服务目录，
    但是现在这为您提供了良好的用户体验，这是服务的另一个门户现在是服务目录。
    这是一个门户，用户可以在其中提交对任何项目或设备的不同请求的请求。

2.Why we need Service portal
  2.1.Easily accessible to users
    2.1.易于用户访问
  2.2.Easy to customize with administration
    2.2.易于管理定制
  2.3.Better UI experience
    2.3.更好的UI体验
  2.4.Single page driven for all the features and services of platform for end users
    2.4.为终端用户提供平台所有功能和服务的单一页面驱动
  2.5.Support modern technologies --HTML,CSS,Bootstrap,Angular JS,Javascript.
    2.5.支持现代技术--HTML,CSS,Bootstrap,Angular JS,Javascript。
    technologies used in Service Portal
    HTML5,JS,CSS3,SCSS,*Bootstrap,*Angular JS
    if i talk about the recent announcement i think they're also coming up with react.js.
    but i have not searched like completely on that particular part but i will definitely insert something on that and come up in one of my later Videos.
    如果我谈论最近的公告，我认为他们也提出了 react.js。
    但我还没有完全搜索那个特定的部分，但我肯定会在上面插入一些东西并出现在我后来的一个视频中。

3.Baseline Service Portal     基线服务门户
  3.1.Baseline portals
    ITSM Portal               ITSM 门户
    CAB Workbench             CAB 工作台
    Knowledge Portal          知识门户
    Benchmark                 基准
    Service Workbench Portal  服务工作台门户
  Service Portal Application
    Application to customize portal
    应用程序自定义门户
    Developers and administrators can create different components of portal with the Application modules
    开发人员和管理员可以使用应用程序模块创建不同的门户组件

    七十七、Service Portal
      1.Service Portal Home ↗
      2.Service Portal Configuration ↗
      ---------------------------------------
      3.Portals                       门户
        now this module will show you the list of portals creating in your instance.
        it will show you or whatever you whatever portals which you are getting from out
        of the box from serviceNow that will show you the all the portals you have in your instance.
        现在此模块将向您显示在您的实例中创建的门户列表。
         它会向你或任何你展示你从外面得到的任何门户
         来自 serviceNow 的框，它将向您显示您在实例中拥有的所有门户。

      4.Announcements                 公告
        this is a really new feature which serviceNow came up with i think from London maybe and this is the list of announce our Announcements for the portal.
        so for example you you have this portal and if i say you that in normal condition if i want to show some alert maybe some announcement
        on incident form what you will do you know that you'll put some pop-up maybe your will create a client script to show some message that's what you would do.
        but serviceNow because every portal or if you would go to any website for example any bank website or any kind of financial website if they want to post kind of a maintenance kind of announcement or
        any kind of upgrade announcement you will see those message sometimes at the top sometimes in one section but in this case serviceNow came up with a new feature that's called Announcements which shows at the 
        top and you can mention at what time you want to post those messages what methods you want to post start time end time when that method should vanish those kind of Configurations you can do with the help of Announcements
        you can put lot of Announcements so you for example you have some five maintenance for next two months for example you can create those five million tenants in one time and you can put the start and date and time and end and the messages you want to show to the users 
        这是 serviceNow 提出的一个非常新的功能，我认为它可能来自伦敦，这是宣布我们的门户网站公告的列表。
        所以例如你有这个门户，如果我说你在正常情况下，如果我想显示一些警报，也许是一些公告
        在事件表单上你会做什么你知道你会放一些弹出窗口也许你会创建一个客户端脚本来显示一些你会做的消息。
        但是 serviceNow 因为每个门户网站或者如果您想访问任何网站，例如任何银行网站或任何类型的金融网站，如果他们想发布某种维护类型的公告或
        任何类型的升级公告，您有时会在一个部分的顶部看到这些消息，但在这种情况下，serviceNow 提出了一个名为 Announcements 的新功能，它显示在
        顶部，您可以提及您想要发布这些消息的时间您想要发布的方法开始时间结束时间该方法应该消失的那些您可以在公告的帮助下进行的配置
        您可以放置​​很多公告，例如，您在接下来的两个月中有五次维护，例如您可以一次创建这 500 万个租户，您可以输入开始、日期、时间和结束以及您想要显示的消息给用户
      5.Agent Chat                    代理聊天
      6.Themes                        主题
      7.Page Route Maps               页面路线图
      8.Pages                         页面
      9.Widget Instances              Widget实例
      10.Widgets                      小部件
      11.CSS                          CSS
      12.Log Entries                  日志条目
      13.Menus                        菜单
        主页画面的上部按钮区域，app header
      14.Headers & Footers            页眉和页脚
      15.Dependencies                 依赖关系
      16.Angular Providers            Angular提供者
      17.Properties                   属性
      18.Usage Overview               使用概述
      19.Search                       搜索
        19.1.Search Sources             搜索来源
        19.2.Search Analytics           搜索分析
        19.3.Search Result Events       搜索结果事件

4.Role of Service Portal
  4.1.sp_admin is the service portal admin roll
    4.1.sp_admin 是服务门户管理员卷
  4.2.SP Admin can design and manage the portal
    4.2.SP Admin可以设计和管理门户
  4.3.Can access all the modules in service Portal
    4.3.可以访问服务门户中的所有模块

5.Who can use Service Portal
  5.1.External users    外部用户
  5.2.Clients/Customers  客户/顾客
  5.3.Employees          员工

6.Important points
  6.1.Service Portal is a separate application from CMS
    6.1.Service Portal 是一个独立于 CMS 的应用程序
  6.2.SP does not support Jelly Scripting
    6.2.SP 不支持 Jelly 脚本
  6.3.SP does not support standard ServiceNow forms and lists
    6.3.SP 不支持标准的 ServiceNow 表单和列表
  6.4.CSM cannot be migrated to Service Portal
   6.4.CSM不能迁移到Service Portal
  6.5.SP does not use i frames
    6.5.SP 不使用 iframe

lesson2 --Branding Editor 品牌编辑

1.What is Branding Editor
  1.1.Branding Editor is used to provide look and feel to the portal
    1.1.Branding Editor 用于为门户提供外观和感觉
  1.2.Used to redesign the portal as per your organization
    1.2.用于根据您的组织重新设计门户
  1.3.QUick Customization
    1.3.快速定制
  1.4.Easily configure titles,themes,logs
    1.4.轻松配置标题、主题、日志
  1.5.No Coding strategy
    1.5.No编码策略

  with quick setup you can change title, logo, tagline, background image.
